---
layout: post
title:  "Real-time Meeting Minutes Transcription System"
info: "AI, Server, Developer"
tech: "Speaker Diarization, Speech Recognition, Multi-Channel Signal Processing"
type: Project, Workshop
---
<!-- 
## Description


## Tech
'*' : tech I focus on


## My job -->

# Task Describtion
The system records meeting minutes in real-time and transcribes the dialogue based on the respective speakers. The process starts by separating different speakers using Blind Source Separation, followed by Speaker Diarization, which segments and labels the speakers' speech into specific segments. Finally, Automatic Speech Recognition converts the transcribed speech into text.
<br/>

## Background
A key challenge was **achieving high accuracy in transcribing and separating the different speakers**. There was a conflict between following existing research and developing a new algorithm to leverage the separated audio sources more effectively.
<br/>

## Proposed Solution
Based on the document provided, the **Real-time meeting minutes transcription system** involves a system that transcribes meetings in real time by utilizing **Blind Source Separation (BSS)**, **Speaker Diarization (SD)**, and **Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR)**.

After discussions, a **rule-based machine learning algorithm** called "Add and Register" was created. This algorithm was based on the similarity of speaker embeddings to recognize different speakers and transcribe the meeting accordingly.
<br/>

# Outcome
## Demo
<video style="max-width: 100%; height: auto;" controls>
  <source src="../assets/img/work/pr2_comp.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

* Awarded in two categories at the 2022 Sogang Convergence Technology Contest by Sogang University and Naver.
<br/>

# My Contributions
* Developed an efficient speaker diarization system using speaker embeddings.
* Integrated the speech separation and speech recognition systems for meeting minutes transcription.
<br/>